README.md, before:

# Venue-Checklist
_Checklist for accessibility venues of a11ychi events_

## General Logistics
- [ ] Is there a Wi-Fi access for organizers to connect? (i.e. for live streaming and social media posting)
- [ ] Is there a separated, guest Wi-Fi access for any attendees who may need it for live-captioning, tweeting, etc.?
- [ ] What kind of A/V setup does the venue have?
 - [ ] How many projectors available? Ideally, two projectors: 1) For slides; 2) For live-captioning
 - [ ] What kind of backdrop for projectors? Pull-down screen? On wall? (To ensure enough contrast on slides)
 - [ ] How many microphones? (Are they handheld, lapel, or both?) 
 - [ ] What kind of audio/sound system? Will it work for live captioner(s) and those watching the live-streaming?
 
## Event Experience
- [ ] Who from the venue will meet / greet / instruct A11YChi organizers to set up?
- [ ] During housekeeping announcements, who from the venue will represent, share, and promote themelves to the attendees?

## Accessible Experience

- [ ] **Does the venue align with the mission of A11YChi?** 

- [ ] **Is the venue near accessible public transportation e.g. train, bus, drop-off/pick-up, etc.?** (Important for people with disabilities and people with low incomes)

- [ ] **Is the venue ADA compliant?**
  - [ ] All entrances (e.g. step-free access, elevator or another way to other floors) and restrooms (stall with grab bars, lowered sinks, etc.) and any other spaces needed are accessible
  - [ ] All event logistics (stage, aisle, reserved seating, etc.) are accessible
  - [ ] Directional signage is accessible to those who are blind/low-vision and/or on mobility devices
  - [ ] Service animals are welcome

- [ ] **If the venue will provide food, can they accommodate?** (e.g. provide non-alchollic, vegetarian, vegan, Halal, Kosher and/or gluten-free options?)

Commit message:

DAD Update 2019-01-19
Added new Audio/Vidual/Wi-Fi heading, placed related items there. Added new items throughout.

README.md, after:

# Venue-Checklist
_Checklist for accessibility venues of a11ychi events_

## General Logistics
- [ ] Location of venue
- [ ] **Is the venue near accessible public transportation e.g. train, bus, drop-off/pick-up, etc.?** (Important for people with disabilities and people with low incomes)
- [ ] Capacity of venue
- [ ] Flexibility in seating formats (ex. classroom (seats with tables), lecture (seats), pods, etc.)
- [ ] Any obstructed views (ex. columns, irregular walls, etc.)
- [ ] Electrical outlets; are thet numerous, flexible in location

## Audio / Visual / Wi-Fi
- [ ] What kind of A/V setup does the venue have? (projectors, monitors, etc.)
 - [ ] **If Projectors**
   - [ ] How many projectors available? Ideally, two: 1) For slides; 2) For live-captioning
   - [ ] What kind of backdrop for projectors? Pull-down screen? On wall? (To ensure enough contrast on slides)
 - [ ] **If Monitors**
   - [ ] How many monitors available? 
     - [ ] If multiple, how many input sources available? Ideally, two: 1) For slides; 2) For live-captioning
 - [ ] What type of input connections available? (ex. HDMI, VGA, lightning adapters, etc.)
 - [ ] How many microphones? (Are they handheld, lapel, or both?) 
 - [ ] What kind of audio/sound system? Will it work for live captioner(s) and those watching the live-streaming?
- [ ] Is there a Wi-Fi access for organizers to connect? (i.e. for live streaming and social media posting)
- [ ] Is there a separate, guest Wi-Fi access for any attendees who may need it for live-captioning, tweeting, etc.?
 
## Event Experience
- [ ] What time can we access the venue (to setup)
- [ ] What time must we vacate the venue
- [ ] Who from the venue will meet / greet / instruct / support A11YChi organizers to set up?
- [ ] During housekeeping announcements, who from the venue will represent, share, and promote themelves to the attendees?

## Accessible Experience

- [ ] **Does the venue align with the mission of A11YChi?** 

- [ ] **Is the venue ADA compliant?**
  - [ ] All entrances (e.g. step-free access, elevator or another way to other floors) and restrooms (stall with grab bars, lowered sinks, etc.) and any other spaces needed are accessible
  - [ ] All event logistics (stage, aisle, reserved seating, etc.) are accessible
  - [ ] Directional signage is accessible to those who are blind/low-vision and/or on mobility devices
  - [ ] Service animals are welcome
  - [ ] Quiet areas available
  - [ ] Mothers area / child support

- [ ] **If the venue will provide food, can they accommodate?** (e.g. provide non-alchollic, vegetarian, vegan, Halal, Kosher and/or gluten-free options?)
